so as a parent, some of the things that I find useful being a leader,
um, at home is, um, the way I, uh, I organized, uh, myself at work.
I could bring that home, uh, to my family. Andi. And that could be a
positive thing. Some of the areas of concern would be, um, for example,
if I was an r at RTC, and I was, ah, recruit, division commander.
We all understand the boot camp policy and the way things I ran on.
Sometimes you come home and you bring that home. Uh, the way you
maybe speak to your family in a forceful manner, things like that. So
I believe as a parent, we we have to pay attention to our role at
work, pay attention to our job experience at work because sometimes
it would carry over to our family life. Being an R D. C was an amazing
job, but it was it was very stressful is well, and sometimes I remember
coming home as a mom as a parent and barking at my Children.
Or, uh, I don't want to say yelling, but you know, being a little stronger
with my tone with them when I needed things to get done. So I
think as a parent, we have to pay attention to, uh the way we do things
at our job and the way we allow it to carry over, um, with our
family and at home.